File based role definition documentation additions (#46114)
elastic/elasticsearch: x-pack/docs/en/security/authorization/managing-roles.asciidoc

While the _Role Management APIs_ is the preferred mechanism to define roles,
using the `roles.yml` file becomes useful if you want to define fixed roles that
no one (beside an administrator having physical access to the {es} nodes)

> would be able to change. Please note however, that this is provided as a

Reviewer: It was unclear what "this" referred to (file? functionality? capability?):
```suggestion
would be able to change. Please note however, that this file is provided as a
```

minimal administrative function and is not intended to cover and be used
to define roles for all use cases.

[IMPORTANT]
==============================

> You will not be able to view, edit or remove any roles defined in `roles.yml`, by

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You cannot view, edit, or remove any roles that defined in `roles.yml` by
```

> using the <<roles-management-ui, Role management UI>> or the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
using the <<roles-management-ui,role management UI>> or the
```

> <<roles-management-api, Role management API>>.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<<roles-management-api,role management APIs>>.
```
